He opened his eyes and the morning light flooded his optic nerves. His mother-in-law stared back at him. Without enough time to compose himself, or even become overwhelmed with her invasion of his space, he blurted the first words that slipped off his tongue. 

“Fuck. How long have you been waiting here?"

Rather polite, he thought, but something was definitely wrong. Her disembodied head floated about at eye level. Her eyes were disinterested, as though it really was her decapitated noggin suspended in his bedroom with its eyes boring relentlessly into his mind. The bemused head watched him. His mother-in-law’s perpetually malevolent expression, creased by her years of envy and scheming, glared down at him, patiently and infinitely. 

His body felt disconnected from his brain and heavy like a corpse. He screamed, yet his mouth stayed closed and a pathetic whine slipped from his lungs. 

Finally, his body responded and the head faded from view as he jumped out of the bed. He stared at the space where her head had floated like a dream's afterimage. She had embedded herself within his mind so deeply that he dreamt about her, surely, rather than give her head the ability to detach itself and fly for miles and vanish at will. Even the walls of the fortress-like hospital failed under an assault from that insubstantial wraith. He sank to his knees, pressed his head into the crumpled duvet, and breathed. Being alone in there hurt more than being outside.

A series of brisk knocks on the door were followed by the voice of an orderly who informed him that the breakfast trough had been filled. Food held no interest for him at that moment, but he didn’t need to leave crumbs for the shrinks to dissect and analyse. Without bothering to change the shorts and t-shirt he slept in, he filed out into the corridor among the rest of the bedraggled and watched his feet plod the corridor leadenly. 

Lydia elbowed him and joined his trudge to the canteen, and they spied on each other from their peripheral vision. Her black eyes swallowed him up and he could do nothing but swim in those inky depths where her thoughts lived out their lives in darkness and had no need for light. They shuffled along the hall and navigated the other hunched bodies as they reluctantly buckled in for another day. Their bodies met and her fingers snaked into his.

Lydia sat in front of her breakfast as though she waited for the toast to rise to her mouth through her telekinetic powers. She hardly ate it seemed to Conor. Her skinny shoulders poked out from under her plain white shirt that would have suited a job in another kind of institution. She could’ve been a nun for all her asceticism. No make-up adorned her face and her hair was tied back in a ponytail. A loud clatter of an overladen tray announced the arrival of Barry and his enormous appetite. Lydia ignored his noise and Conor hardly glanced up at him and nodded in recognition.

Barry looked at each of them. 

“What did I miss?”

Conor and Lydia looked away from each other, her down to her cooling toast, and he to Barry’s smile, which had cracked his face from ear to ear. His long shock of hair slipped down over his face as he sat down and knocked his neighbour's tea over as he manoeuvred his bulk into the seat, which looked like it had been filched from a playschool under him. Lydia stared at the chair. Conor smiled.

“Hey, have you heard the news?” 

Neither of them had.

“Susan’s letting me out for the summer. I’m going to the final.”

Conor looked at him blankly.

“The European Cup Final,” he said, with an exasperated expression, “I can’t wait to get out of this dump.”

Conor attempted to exchange glances with Lydia, but she was glaring at her minuscule breakfast as if she could heat it with the force of her anger. Barry guzzled his personal food mountain, spoke between mouthfuls, during them. His team had a chance to play in the final. Even the coach had visited the hospital as part of his treatment, and the hospital board had no apparent objections. The long purple scars under his forearms peeked out from under his shirt cuffs as he waved his arms about animatedly. He couldn't play, having lost his conditioning during his six months inside, but he felt strong anyway, better than ever.

As Barry spoke, Conor glimpsed the drive that had driven him to excellence in the first place. Lydia seemed to have been driven downwards and ever closer to her plate, until her nose had nearly been glazed with melted margarine. Silence had overtaken the surrounding patrons, until all heads capable of turning had turned and been drawn like fireflies toward the luminous giant. He was like a black hole sucking in their voided emotional lives. People walked over to him and congratulated him, some wildly hugged him as the orderlies laughed between themselves. Barry never needed saving. Others hovered around the edges of his raging sun god like being and warmed themselves in his glorious rays. 
	
